Update in-app docs for select API sources (#26781)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/integrations/sources/github.inapp.md

3. **Start date** Enter the date you'd like to replicate data from. 

These streams will only sync records generated on or after the **Start Date**: 

`comments`, `commit_comment_reactions`, `commit_comments`, `commits`, `deployments`, `events`, `issue_comment_reactions`, `issue_events`, `issue_milestones`, `issue_reactions`, `issues`, `project_cards`, `project_columns`, `projects`, `pull_request_comment_reactions`, `pull_requests`, `pull_requeststats`, `releases`, `review_comments`, `reviews`, `stargazers`, `workflow_runs`, `workflows`.

The **Start Date** does not apply to the streams below and all data will be synced for these streams:

`assignees`, `branches`, `collaborators`, `issue_labels`, `organizations`, `pull_request_commits`, `pull_request_stats`, `repositories`,  `tags`,  `teams`, `users`

4. **GitHub Repositories** - Enter a space-delimited list of GitHub organizations or repositories.

Example of a single repository:
```
airbytehq/airbyte
```
Example of multiple repositories:
```
airbytehq/airbyte airbytehq/another-repo
```
Example of an organization to receive data from all of its repositories: 
```
airbytehq/*
```

> Repositories with the wrong name, do not exist, or have the wrong name format will return an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Repositories which have a misspelled name, do not exist, or have the wrong name format will return an error.
```
